README.md, before:

# Public Demos Using The Cohere Platform

This repository contains public available demos from the Cohere NLP platform. 

## 1. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/top-js-frameworks-using-a-tweet-analysis-bot/">Tweet Analysis Bot</a>

Create a tweet analysis bot to deduce which are the top JS frameworks: [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/python-analysis-bot">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/195356562-0a527d78-e3e1-46bc-be4c-ae85cc415528.png" width="640"/>


## 2. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/automating-user-feedback-monitoring-on-discord-using-ai/">Automate User Feedback Monitoring on Discord with AI</a>

Automatically analyze feedback and classify it into different product areas. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-discord-feedbackbot">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/195356647-bfec3d60-7b0c-4e03-8cd6-9247769c54b7.png" width="640"/>

## 3. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/extract-entities-from-invoices-using-large-language-models/">Extract Entities from Invoices Using Large Language Models</a>

Automate invoice scanning and extract entities from invoices using LLMs. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-extract-entities">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/198416367-a93ae5c1-a576-40ee-8a44-cc75e5b55c8c.png" width="640"/> 

## 4. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/text-summarizer-app-user-reviews/">Integrate a Text Summarizer to your App to Analyze User Reviews</a>

Integrate Cohere's Python SDK with a Python app to add NLP functionality and take advantage of LLMs. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/python-user-reviews/">Code</a>] 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/200691685-22e6bd73-82db-4250-bb06-6383124a83ee.png" width="640"/> 

## 5. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/how-to-build-a-product-description-generator-with-llms/">How to Build a Product Description Generator with LLMs</a>

Generate product descriptions using large language models (LLMs). [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-product-description-generator">Code</a>] 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/200692103-9cec65cc-a866-4337-b01a-5044830072e8.png" width="640"/>

Commit message:

Added form for demos feedback.

README.md, after:

# Public Demos Using The Cohere Platform

This repository contains publicly available demos from the Cohere NLP platform. Get started building!

If you have an LLM use case that you'd like us to show a demo for, please fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/RzRRtQXT4LZaMJVX9">this form</a>. 

## 1. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/top-js-frameworks-using-a-tweet-analysis-bot/">Tweet Analysis Bot</a>

Create a tweet analysis bot to deduce which are the top JS frameworks: [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/python-analysis-bot">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/195356562-0a527d78-e3e1-46bc-be4c-ae85cc415528.png" width="640"/>


## 2. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/automating-user-feedback-monitoring-on-discord-using-ai/">Automate User Feedback Monitoring on Discord with AI</a>

Automatically analyze feedback and classify it into different product areas. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-discord-feedbackbot">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/195356647-bfec3d60-7b0c-4e03-8cd6-9247769c54b7.png" width="640"/>

## 3. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/extract-entities-from-invoices-using-large-language-models/">Extract Entities from Invoices Using Large Language Models</a>

Automate invoice scanning and extract entities from invoices using LLMs. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-extract-entities">Code</a>]

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/198416367-a93ae5c1-a576-40ee-8a44-cc75e5b55c8c.png" width="640"/> 

## 4. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/text-summarizer-app-user-reviews/">Integrate a Text Summarizer to your App to Analyze User Reviews</a>

Integrate Cohere's Python SDK with a Python app to add NLP functionality and take advantage of LLMs. [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/python-user-reviews/">Code</a>] 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/200691685-22e6bd73-82db-4250-bb06-6383124a83ee.png" width="640"/> 

## 5. <a href="https://txt.cohere.ai/how-to-build-a-product-description-generator-with-llms/">How to Build a Product Description Generator with LLMs</a>

Generate product descriptions using large language models (LLMs). [<a href="https://github.com/cohere-ai/public-demos/tree/main/js-product-description-generator">Code</a>] 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26754576/200692103-9cec65cc-a866-4337-b01a-5044830072e8.png" width="640"/>
